docs: add list with alternative implementations (#169)
theupdateframework/go-tuf: README.md

For the client package, see https://godoc.org/github.com/theupdateframework/go-tuf/client.

For the client CLI, see https://github.com/theupdateframework/go-tuf/tree/master/cmd/tuf-client.

## Comparison to other implementations

There are TUF implementations in a variety of programming languages. Some other Go implementations of TUF include:

> * [Notary](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary): A TUF implementation designed specifically for publishing and managing trusted collections of content. It is used by Docker Content Trust.

Reviewer: Could you clarify:
1. How Notary v1 forked go-tuf?
2. How go-tuf has changed from Notary v1 since then?
Thanks!

> * [Notary](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary): An adaption of TUF designed specifically for publishing and managing trusted collections of content. It is used by Docker Content Trust. In contrast, go-tuf is a direct implementation of TUF and has been updated to conform to 1.0.0 of the TUF specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Notary](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary): A version of TUF designed specifically for publishing and managing trusted collections of content. It is used by Docker Content Trust. In contrast, go-tuf is a direct implementation of TUF and has been updated to conform to 1.0.0 of the TUF specification.
```

test data [README.md](client/python_interop/testdata/README.md) for details).

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines before making your first contribution!

## Comparison to other implementations

There are TUF implementations in a variety of programming languages. Some other Go implementations of TUF include:

> * [Notary](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary): A version of TUF designed specifically for publishing and managing trusted collections of content. It is used by Docker Content Trust. In contrast, go-tuf is a direct implementation of TUF and has been updated to conform to 1.0.0 of the TUF specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Notary](https://github.com/notaryproject/notary): A version of TUF designed specifically for publishing and managing trusted collections of content. It was used by Docker Content Trust, and has since been superseded by the [Notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation) project. In contrast, go-tuf is a direct implementation of TUF and has been updated to conform to 1.0.0 of the TUF specification.
```
